[Bulk] Broken Link fixes (#878)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/technical-guides/using-the-performance-analysis-of-logs-pal-tool.md

> |                    Disk: Logical/Physical Disk Interface Analysis                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    This analysis looks at the idle time of each of the physical disks. The more idle the disk is, the less the disk is being used. This counter is best used when one disk is used in the logical disk. “% Idle Time” reports the percentage of time during the sample interval that the disk was idle.<br /><br /> Reference: [Ruling Out Disk-Bound Problems](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=50669)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                    Disk: Logical/Physical Disk Interface Analysis                     |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    This analysis looks at the idle time of each of the physical disks. The more idle the disk is, the less the disk is being used. This counter is best used when one disk is used in the logical disk. “% Idle Time” reports the percentage of time during the sample interval that the disk was idle.<br /><br /> Reference: [Ruling Out Disk-Bound Problems](/previous-versions/tn-archive/aa997558(v=exchg.65))                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> |                      Memory: Memory System Cache Resident Bytes                       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      “System Cache Resident Bytes” is the size, in bytes, of the pageable operating system code in the file system cache. This value includes only current physical pages and does not include any virtual memory pages not currently resident. This value is a component of “Memory\\\System Code Resident Bytes” which represents all pageable operating system code that is currently in physical memory. This counter displays the last observed value only; it is not an average. This analysis checks for an increasing trend of 10 MB’s per hour. Under load, a server might use the system cache in order to cache I/O activity such as disk. Use in correlation with Process IO Data Operations/sec and Process IO Other Operations/sec analyses in PAL.<br /><br /> Reference: [File Cache Performance and Tuning](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=106786)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                      Memory: Memory System Cache Resident Bytes                       |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      “System Cache Resident Bytes” is the size, in bytes, of the pageable operating system code in the file system cache. This value includes only current physical pages and does not include any virtual memory pages not currently resident. This value is a component of “Memory\\\System Code Resident Bytes” which represents all pageable operating system code that is currently in physical memory. This counter displays the last observed value only; it is not an average. This analysis checks for an increasing trend of 10 MB’s per hour. Under load, a server might use the system cache in order to cache I/O activity such as disk. Use in correlation with Process IO Data Operations/sec and Process IO Other Operations/sec analyses in PAL.<br /><br /> Reference: [File Cache Performance and Tuning](/previous-versions/windows/it-pro/windows-2000-server/bb742613(v=technet.10))                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
```

> |                              Memory: Process Working Set                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          “Working Set” is the current size, in bytes, of the working set of this process. The working set is the set of memory pages touched recently by the threads in the process. If free memory in the computer is above a threshold, pages are left in the working set of a process even if they are not in use. When free memory falls below a threshold, pages are trimmed from working sets. If they are needed they will then be soft-faulted back into the working set before leaving main memory. This analysis checks for an increasing trend of 10 MB’s or more in each of the processes. Use in correlation with Available Memory analysis in PAL.<br /><br />                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                              Memory: Process Working Set                              |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          “Working Set” is the current size, in bytes, of the working set of this process. The working set is the set of memory pages touched recently by the threads in the process. If free memory in the computer is above a threshold, pages are left in the working set of a process even if they are not in use. When free memory falls below a threshold, pages are trimmed from working sets. If they are needed they will then be soft-faulted back into the working set before leaving main memory. This analysis checks for an increasing trend of 10 MB’s or more in each of the processes. Use in correlation with Available Memory analysis in PAL.<br /><br /> Reference: [Finding and eliminating bottlenecks](/biztalk/technical-guides/finding-and-eliminating-bottlenecks)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

> |              Microsof BizTalk Server: BizTalk Dehydrating Orchestrations              |                                                                                                                                                                                        When many long-running business processes are running at the same time, memory and performance issues are possible. The orchestration engine addresses these issues by "dehydrating" and "rehydrating" orchestration instances. Dehydration is the process of serializing the state of an orchestration into a SQL Server database. Rehydration is the reverse of this process: deserializing the last running state of an orchestration from the database. Dehydration is used to minimize the use of system resources by reducing the number of orchestrations that have to be instantiated in memory at one time. Therefore, dehyrations save memory consumption, but are relatively expensive operations to perform. This analysis checks for dehydrations of 10 or more. If so, [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] may be running out of memory (either virtual or physical), a high number of orchestrations are waiting on messages, or the dehydration settings are not set properly.<br /><br /> Reference: [Orchestration Dehydration and Rehydration](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155284)                                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|              Microsof BizTalk Server: BizTalk Dehydrating Orchestrations              |                                                                                                                                                                                        When many long-running business processes are running at the same time, memory and performance issues are possible. The orchestration engine addresses these issues by "dehydrating" and "rehydrating" orchestration instances. Dehydration is the process of serializing the state of an orchestration into a SQL Server database. Rehydration is the reverse of this process: deserializing the last running state of an orchestration from the database. Dehydration is used to minimize the use of system resources by reducing the number of orchestrations that have to be instantiated in memory at one time. Therefore, dehyrations save memory consumption, but are relatively expensive operations to perform. This analysis checks for dehydrations of 10 or more. If so, [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] may be running out of memory (either virtual or physical), a high number of orchestrations are waiting on messages, or the dehydration settings are not set properly.<br /><br /> Reference: [Orchestration Dehydration and Rehydration](/biztalk/core/orchestration-dehydration-and-rehydration)                                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> |            Microsoft BizTalk Server:  BizTalk High Message Publishing Rate            |                                                                                                                                                                                       Inbound host throttling, also known as message publishing throttling in [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)], is applied to host instances that contain receive adapters or orchestrations that publish messages to the MessageBox database. This analysis checks for a value of 1 in the High Message Publishing Rate counter. If this occurs, then the database cannot keep up with the publishing rate of messages to the BizTalk MessageBox database.<br /><br /> References:<br /><br />- [Host Throttling Performance Counters](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155285)<br />- [How BizTalk Server Implements Host Throttling](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155286)<br />- [Message Publishing Throttling Settings Dialog Box](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155287)<br />- [What is Host Throttling?](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=154694)                                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|            Microsoft BizTalk Server:  BizTalk High Message Publishing Rate            |                                                                                                                                                                                       Inbound host throttling, also known as message publishing throttling in [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)], is applied to host instances that contain receive adapters or orchestrations that publish messages to the MessageBox database. This analysis checks for a value of 1 in the High Message Publishing Rate counter. If this occurs, then the database cannot keep up with the publishing rate of messages to the BizTalk MessageBox database.<br /><br /> References: <br /><br />- [Host Throttling Performance Counters](/biztalk/core/host-throttling-performance-counters)<br />- [How BizTalk Server Implements Host Throttling](/biztalk/core/how-biztalk-server-implements-host-throttling)<br />- [Modify Rate Based Throttling Settings](/biztalk/core/how-to-modify-rate-based-throttling-settings)<br />- [What is Host Throttling?](/biztalk/core/what-is-host-throttling)                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> |                 Microsoft BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Host Queue Length                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The BizTalk Host Queue Length tracks the total number of messages in the particular host queue. You can use length size (i.e., ‘BizTalk:MessageBox:HostCounters:Host Queue – Length’) to give a more detailed view of the number of messages being queued up internally by showing the queue depth for an individual host. This counter can be useful in determining if a specific host is bottlenecked. Assuming unique hosts are used for each transport, this can be helpful in determining potential transport bottlenecks. This analysis checks for average queue lengths greater than 1. The Host Queue Length is a weighted Queue length by aggregating the record count of all the Queues (Work Q, State Q, Suspended Q) of the target host.<br /><br /> Reference: BizTalk Server 2006: Managing a Successful Performance Lab **Note:**  This white paper is also applicable to BizTalk Server.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                 Microsoft BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Host Queue Length                  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            The BizTalk Host Queue Length tracks the total number of messages in the particular host queue. You can use length size, for example, **BizTalk:MessageBox:HostCounters:Host Queue – Length**, to give a more detailed view of the number of messages being queued up internally by showing the queue depth for an individual host. This counter can be useful in determining if a specific host is bottlenecked. Assuming unique hosts are used for each transport, this can be helpful in determining potential transport bottlenecks. This analysis checks for average queue lengths greater than 1. <br><br>The Host Queue Length is a weighted Queue length by aggregating the record count of all the Queues (Work Q, State Q, Suspended Q) of the target host. <br><br> Reference: [BizTalk Server 2010: BizTalk Server Performance Testing Methodology](/biztalk/technical-guides/biztalk-server-performance-testing-methodology)                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
```

> |        Microsoft BizTalk Server: BizTalk Host Suspended Messages Queue Length         |                                                                                                                                                                                          This counter tracks the total number of suspended messages for the particular host. A suspended message is an instance of a message or orchestration that [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] has stopped processing due to an error in the system or the message. Generally, suspended instances caused by system errors are resumable upon resolution of the system issue. Often, suspended instances due to a message problem are not resumable, and the message itself must be fixed and resubmitted to the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] system.<br /><br /> The suspended message queue is a queue that contains work items for which an error or failure was encountered during processing. A suspended queue stores the messages until they can be corrected and reprocessed, or deleted. This analysis checks for any occurrence of suspended messages. An increasing trend could indicate severe processing errors.<br /><br /> Reference:  BizTalk Server 2004: Monitoring and Troubleshooting                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|        Microsoft BizTalk Server: BizTalk Host Suspended Messages Queue Length         |                                                                                                                                                                                          This counter tracks the total number of suspended messages for the particular host. A suspended message is an instance of a message or orchestration that [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] has stopped processing due to an error in the system or the message. Generally, suspended instances caused by system errors are resumable upon resolution of the system issue. Often, suspended instances due to a message problem are not resumable, and the message itself must be fixed and resubmitted to the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] system.<br /><br /> The suspended message queue is a queue that contains work items for which an error or failure was encountered during processing. A suspended queue stores the messages until they can be corrected and reprocessed, or deleted. This analysis checks for any occurrence of suspended messages. An increasing trend could indicate severe processing errors.<br /><br /> Reference: [Monitoring BizTalk Server Health and Performance](/biztalk/core/monitoring-biztalk-server) and [Troubleshooting Microsoft BizTalk Server](/biztalk/core/troubleshooting)                                                                                                                                                                                           |
```

> |                     BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Idle Orchestrations                      |                                                                                                                    Number of idle orchestration instances currently hosted by the host instance. This counter refers to orchestrations that are not making progress but are not dehydratable. This situation can occur when the orchestration is blocked, waiting for a receive, listen, or delay in an atomic transaction. If a large number of non-dehydratable orchestrations accumulate, then BizTalk may run out of memory.<br /><br /> Dehydration is the process of serializing the state of an orchestration into a SQL Server database. Rehydration is the reverse of this process: deserializing the last running state of an orchestration from the database. Dehydration is used to minimize the use of system resources by reducing the number of orchestrations that have to be instantiated in memory at one time. The engine dehydrates the instance by saving the state, and frees up the memory required by the instance. By dehydrating dormant orchestration instances, the engine makes it possible for a large number of long-running business processes to run concurrently on the same computer. This analysis checks for an increasing trend of one idle orchestration per hour.<br /><br /> Reference: [Orchestration Dehydration and Rehydration](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155284).                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                     BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Idle Orchestrations                      |                                                                                                                    Number of idle orchestration instances currently hosted by the host instance. This counter refers to orchestrations that are not making progress but are not dehydratable. This situation can occur when the orchestration is blocked, waiting for a receive, listen, or delay in an atomic transaction. If a large number of non-dehydratable orchestrations accumulate, then BizTalk may run out of memory.<br /><br /> Dehydration is the process of serializing the state of an orchestration into a SQL Server database. Rehydration is the reverse of this process: deserializing the last running state of an orchestration from the database. Dehydration is used to minimize the use of system resources by reducing the number of orchestrations that have to be instantiated in memory at one time. The engine dehydrates the instance by saving the state, and frees up the memory required by the instance. By dehydrating dormant orchestration instances, the engine makes it possible for a large number of long-running business processes to run concurrently on the same computer. This analysis checks for an increasing trend of one idle orchestration per hour. <br /><br /> Reference: [Orchestration Dehydration and Rehydration](/biztalk/core/orchestration-dehydration-and-rehydration).                                                                                                                    |
```

> |                    BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Message Delivery Delay                    |                                                                                                                                                                         This is the current delay in milliseconds (ms) imposed on each message delivery batch (applicable if the message delivery is being throttled). In regards to throttling, a delay is applied in the publishing or processing of the message, depending on whether the message is inbound or outbound. The delay period is proportional to the severity of the throttling condition. Higher severity throttling conditions will initiate a longer throttling period than lower severity throttling conditions. This delay period is adjusted up and down within certain ranges by the throttling mechanism as conditions change. The current delay period is exposed through the message delivery delay (ms) and the message publishing delay (ms) performance counters associated with the BizTalk:Message Agent performance object category. This analysis checks for a message delivery delay of greater than 5 seconds. Long message delivery delays may indicate heavy throttling due to high load.<br /><br /> Reference: [How [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] Implements Host Throttling](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155286).                                                                                                                                                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                    BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Message Delivery Delay                    |                                                                                                                                                                         This is the current delay in milliseconds (ms) imposed on each message delivery batch (applicable if the message delivery is being throttled). In regards to throttling, a delay is applied in the publishing or processing of the message, depending on whether the message is inbound or outbound. The delay period is proportional to the severity of the throttling condition. Higher severity throttling conditions will initiate a longer throttling period than lower severity throttling conditions. This delay period is adjusted up and down within certain ranges by the throttling mechanism as conditions change. The current delay period is exposed through the message delivery delay (ms) and the message publishing delay (ms) performance counters associated with the BizTalk:Message Agent performance object category. This analysis checks for a message delivery delay of greater than 5 seconds. Long message delivery delays may indicate heavy throttling due to high load.<br /><br /> Reference: [How [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] Implements Host Throttling](/biztalk/core/how-biztalk-server-implements-host-throttling).                                                                                                                                                                         |
```

> |                   BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Message Publishing Delay                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                    The delay injected in each qualifying batch for throttling the publishing of messages. In regards to throttling, a delay is applied in the publishing or processing of the message, depending on whether the message is inbound or outbound. The delay period is proportional to the severity of the throttling condition. Higher severity throttling conditions will initiate a longer throttling period than lower severity throttling conditions. This delay period is adjusted up and down within certain ranges by the throttling mechanism as conditions change. The current delay period is exposed through the message delivery delay (ms) and the message publishing delay (ms) performance counters associated with the BizTalk:Message Agent performance object category. This analysis checks for a message publishing delay of greater than 5 seconds. Long message delivery delays may indicate heavy throttling due to high load.<br /><br /> Reference: [How [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] Implements Host Throttling](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155286).                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                   BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Message Publishing Delay                   |                                                                                                                                                                                                    The delay injected in each qualifying batch for throttling the publishing of messages. In regards to throttling, a delay is applied in the publishing or processing of the message, depending on whether the message is inbound or outbound. The delay period is proportional to the severity of the throttling condition. Higher severity throttling conditions will initiate a longer throttling period than lower severity throttling conditions. This delay period is adjusted up and down within certain ranges by the throttling mechanism as conditions change. The current delay period is exposed through the message delivery delay (ms) and the message publishing delay (ms) performance counters associated with the BizTalk:Message Agent performance object category. This analysis checks for a message publishing delay of greater than 5 seconds. Long message delivery delays may indicate heavy throttling due to high load.<br /><br /> Reference: [How [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] Implements Host Throttling](/biztalk/core/how-biztalk-server-implements-host-throttling).                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
```

> |         BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Messaging Latency:  Request Response Latency         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Average latency in milliseconds from when the Messaging Engine receives a request document from the adapter until the time a response document is given back to the adapter. Refer to the chart showing how latency is measured in BizTalk Inbound Latency Analysis in this topic. Assuming a low latency environment, this analysis checks for a Request-Response Latency greater than 5 seconds. This may indicate a processing delay between the inbound adapter and the outbound adapter.<br /><br /> References:<br /><br /> -  [Request/Response Messaging](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=155288)<br />-   [BizTalk Server 2006: Scalability Case Study Using the SOAP Adapter in BizTalk Server 2006](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=108774)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|         BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Messaging Latency:  Request Response Latency         |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Average latency in milliseconds from when the Messaging Engine receives a request document from the adapter until the time a response document is given back to the adapter. Refer to the chart showing how latency is measured in BizTalk Inbound Latency Analysis in this topic. Assuming a low latency environment, this analysis checks for a Request-Response Latency greater than 5 seconds. This may indicate a processing delay between the inbound adapter and the outbound adapter. <br /><br /> References: <br /><br />- [Request/Response Messaging](/biztalk/core/request-response-messaging) <br />- [Scaling Your Solutions](/biztalk/core/scaling-your-solutions)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
```

> |                BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Orchestration Suspended/second                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        A suspended message is an instance of a message or orchestration that [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] has stopped processing due to an error in the system or the message. Generally, suspended instances caused by system errors are resumable upon resolution of the system issue. Often, suspended instances due to a message problem are not resumable, and the message itself must be fixed and resubmitted to the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] system. This analysis checks for any suspended messages/orchestrations.<br /><br /> Reference:  BizTalk Server 2004: Monitoring and Troubleshooting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|                BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Orchestration Suspended/second                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        A suspended message is an instance of a message or orchestration that [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] has stopped processing due to an error in the system or the message. Generally, suspended instances caused by system errors are resumable upon resolution of the system issue. Often, suspended instances due to a message problem are not resumable, and the message itself must be fixed and resubmitted to the [!INCLUDE[btsBizTalkServerNoVersion](../includes/btsbiztalkservernoversion-md.md)] system. This analysis checks for any suspended messages/orchestrations. <br /><br />References: [Monitoring BizTalk Server Health and Performance](/biztalk/core/monitoring-biztalk-server) and [Troubleshooting Microsoft BizTalk Server](/biztalk/core/troubleshooting)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> |               BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Orchestrations Completed/second                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       This is the number of BizTalk orchestrations that have completed per second. This is a good indicator as to how much throughput BizTalk is processing. This analysis provides statistics only.<br /><br /> Reference:   <br />[BizTalk Server 2006: Scalability Case Study Using the SOAP Adapter in BizTalk Server 2006](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=108774)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|               BizTalk Server:  BizTalk Orchestrations Completed/second                |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       This is the number of BizTalk orchestrations that have completed per second. This is a good indicator as to how much throughput BizTalk is processing. This analysis provides statistics only. <br/><br/>Reference: [Scaling Your Solutions](/biztalk/core/scaling-your-solutions) |
```
